

APP: SnapChat

Test Case 1: SEND PICTURE
	Must access the camera.
	Can focus the camera.
	Can flip camera to back camera.
	Press button to take picture.
	Must access friend list.
	When friend is selected, check them off. Can do multiple friends.
	Click send to send.
	If no service, stores it and has the option to send later.
		
		As a user, when I open the app, the camera starts.
		As a user, I can focus the camera if unfocused.
		As a user, I can change which camera I’m using.
		As a user, I can take a picture.
		As a user, when I take the picture, I can access my friends list
			with the click of a button.
		As a user, I can select any amount of friends from my friends list.
		As a user, I can send it to all the friends I selected by hitting 				send.
		As a user, I have the option of sending later if it doesn’t send the 			first time.


Test Case 2: USE FACE FILTER
	Must access the camera.
	Must read face if screen is long-clicked.
	Can scroll through a list of filters.
	If one is clicked, apply it to your face.
	If another one is clicked, remove first, apply second.
	Button that sends the picture.
	
		As a user, I can see that the camera is working.
		As a user, when I long click, it shows if my face was recognized.
		As a user, I can see the list of filters and can scroll through them.
		As a user, I can click on a filter and it shows up on my face.
		As a user, I can click a different filter and that one only will show 			up on my face
		As a user, I can send that picture to someone by clicking send.


Test Case 3: VIEW STORIES
	Must have access to friends list.
	Screen will show if someone has a story or not.
	Can click on a story to view it.
	Can adjust volume if it is a video story.
	Can take a screenshot of the story.
	Can click a story to end it early.
	When the timer is done, the story is over.
	Once a new one is viewed, it moves down to the bottom.
		
		As a user, I can look at my friends list.
		As a user, I can see if a friend has a story.
		As a user, I can click on a story, and the picture/video will appear.
		As a user, I can adjust the volume while a story is playing.
		As a user, I can click the power button and volume button to take a 				screenshot of the story.
		As a user, I can click the screen to end it if I want.
		As a user, I can wait until the timer runs out and the story will end.
		As a user, I can find the same story at the bottom of the screen if 				I’ve viewed the story at least once.
	

 

